feat: add scaffolder-backend-module-sonarcloud (#9195)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/sonarqube/.changeset/sonarcloud-initial.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-sonarcloud': minor
---

New plugin: 5 scaffolder actions for SonarCloud project onboarding

- `sonarcloud:createProject` — Create project with Bearer auth and org support
- `sonarcloud:bindProject` — Bind to GitHub repo via v2 API

> - `sonarcloud:setDefaultBranch` — Rename default branch (defaults to `main`)

Reviewer: We could rename the actions to follow more the scaffolder naming best practices:

```suggestion
- `sonarcloud:project:create` — Create project with Bearer auth and org support
- `sonarcloud:project:bind` — Bind to GitHub repo via v2 API
- `sonarcloud:defaultBranch:rename` — Rename default branch (defaults to `main`)
```

I'm not sure if we could improve the naming for `setQualityGate` and `setNewCodeDefinition` as well 🤔

Author: Agreed on the colon-separated naming. Since all five actions operate on a project, I'd propose keeping `project` as the consistent resource:

```
sonarcloud:project:create
sonarcloud:project:bind
sonarcloud:project:setDefaultBranch
sonarcloud:project:setQualityGate
sonarcloud:project:setNewCodeDefinition
```

This avoids creating separate resources for things that are really project attributes. Let me know if you'd prefer a different breakdown.
